[extension/healthcheckv2extension] Refactor internal/status to pkg/status (#35648)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/status/README.md

# pkg/status

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- status autogenerated section -->
<!-- end autogenerated section -->
```
We should include an autogenerated section in here that will be filled out using the information from `metadata.yaml` when `make -C pkg/status generate` is run.

## Overview

This module contains functionality for aggregating status information about components. Used by extensions that

> implement the `extension.StatusWatcher` interface for collecting status information about the internal status of all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
implement the `componentstatus.Watcher` interface for collecting status information about the internal status of all
```

The interface was renamed on core. I suspect there are some stale references in docs / comments that need to be updated.

components inside the collector.

### History

> `status` was originally developed for the `healthcheckv2extension`. Other extensions that need to collector status

Reviewer 2: Can you double check the wording on this second sentence?

Reviewer: Not a blocker, but could you take a look at this @blakerouse?
